# Journal — 2026-06-10

## Goals for today
<!-- Fill this in BEFORE you start working. What do you intend to get done? -->

My goals for today will be finalizing my personal portfolio website ensuring everything runs smooth and specifically, get the contact page to work. I plan on integrating my new business email I created so that those who fill in the form can reach me with their message. Another goal i have is to edit and appropriately construct my resume from the feedback that i was given and get that pushed out into my repo.

## What I learned
<!-- Concepts, not just tasks. "I learned what CSS specificity is" beats "I edited the SCSS". -->

Today what i learned was how to make my website live through local host instead of only being able to access it through my files. When there were errors, all i would have to do is ask my agent a question on how to fix them and why it was happening and it would guide me step by step on how to fix the issue.

## What was hard
<!-- Where did you get stuck? What took longer than expected? What did you not understand even after it worked? -->

What was hard to figure out was how to get the lighthouse report to run and analyze my page as it was giving me a error that it needed to be a https or http website as if it wasn't. Because of that i couldn't really get lesson 3 completed all the way as asked and have the performance thing to actually tell me how my website was doing.

## What surprised me
<!-- Anything unexpected — about the code, the browser, the LLM, or yourself. -->

What surprised me today was how easy and straight forward it was to go through the lessons. It definetly felt cool to see my messages being sent to my inbox hafter filling out the contact form on my website which i didnt realize before how simple this really can be to get all set up. Prior to my awareness of such tool, i would expect there to be a long setup process to get everything to work and even send error messages to the user if there was an empty text box that was a required field to fill out. But instead, the agent figured it all out by itself.
